Episode 71
"Surprise!! Goku is Ginyu and Ginyu is Goku"

The scene begins by showing the three Namekseijins that were killed by Freezer. Then the scene goes to Freezer himself.

Freezer-"You think you can even put a scratch on me? You certainly overestimate yourself. They say the lowly should know their place."

Nail is shaking in anger and fear

Freezer-"By the way Senoir Elder, there seems to be another fool here that doesn't know his place."

Freezer looks over at Nail

Freezer-"If this man is about to be killed, I'm sure you'll agree to tell me how to get the dragonballs to grant my wish."

The Senoir Elder is shown and it goes back to Freezer and Nail

Freezer-"You will regret not telling me before I hurt you. Would you like me to spare your life right now?"

Nail-"I'm sure you've noticed but the Senoir Elder doesn't have long to live. If we fight now and hurt him, it won't be good for you either. We'll change locations."

Freezer laughs

Freezer-"I don't think the fight will go that far. Alright, do what you want."

Nail does a kind of bow to the Senoir Elder and they fly away

Senoir Elder-"I'm sorry Nail. Please hold on until Dende can reach the Earthlings. They hold the key to the fate of this planet now."

The scene goes to Ginyu and Goku. Ginyu is laughing

Jees-"Commander Ginyu?!

Ginyu continues to laugh his ass off

Goku-"What are you laughing at?"

Ginyu throws a ball of ki at Goku that is easily deflected. Ginyu still continues to laugh.

Commander Ginyu-"How could I not laugh? I never imagined someone as strong as you existed."

Goku-"So why laugh?"

Commander Ginyu-"Because I'm happy to have met someone so much stronger than Lord Ginyu. Stronger than me!"

He keeps laughing and throws multiple ki attacks that Goku deflects

Commander Ginyu-"Good! Good! What power! It makes me happy! It makes me happy!!"

Ginyu again throws multiple ki attacks that just don't work

Commander Ginyu-"I'm glad to be alive!"

He fires one last ki attack from his fingers that causes a huge explosion, but again Goku is completely unharmed.

Jees-"Wha..what!?"

Ginyu continues to laugh and takes off his scouter

Commander Ginyu-"Jees."

Jees-"Yes."

Jees catches the scouter

Jees-"I see, Commander Ginyu has..!"

Commander Ginyu-"Make sure you don't drop my scouter."

Jees-"So he is going to."

Ginyu starts powering up his hand and the scene cuts to Nail and Freezer

Freezer-"How far are we going? This is far enough!"

Freezer disappears and reappears in front of Nail to stop him from going further

Freezer-"There is no need to go any further."

Nail-"That's true."

Nail flies down to the ground below, Freezer follows. They both land and Nail throws off his black overshirt.

Freezer-"This planet is full of people with death wishes. What a problem you all are."

Nail starts powering up. Freezer starts getting a little impresses and checks his scouter

Freezer-"Amazing! Your battle power has gone up to 42,000. You definitely are different from the rest of the Namekseijins. I am shocked. What a fabulous battle power you have. No wonder you're a warrior type. I wouldn't mind having you as a soldier. But just to let you know what you will be fighting against, I will tell you what my battle power is. My battle power is..530,000. However, I have no intention of fighting you at full power. So don't worry."

Nail-"What!?"

Freezer-"I know! I will only fight with my left hand. We may be able to have some fun that way."

Nail-"You mock me!!"

Nail jumps at Freezer and hits him directly in the neck, but doesn't hurt Freezer at all

Freezer-"That isn't good..I stuck my neck out so you could hit me. I suppose this is the best you can do at 42,000."

Freezer grabs Nail's arm and digs his fingers into it, he then pulls it off

Freezer-"My. My. Pardon me. You may have this back."

Nail starts concentrating, and it appears that he is going to grow another arm in place of the one that was ripped off

Freezer-"You'd better not strain yourself. I really think you should tell me before you get killed."

Nail starts screaming and grows himself a new arm

Freezer-"I'm stunned. You can regenerate yourself? But the same thing will happen. It appears that you cannot rejuvenate your power. Your battle power is down."

Nail gets ready to fight again

Freezer-"I've shown you how much better I am and you still want to fight? I have no idea what goes on in your Namekseijin minds."

Nail-"Not to the likes of you..!"

The scene goes to Buruma riding her jet bike

Buruma-"Does this planet hate me or something!?"

You see that she is being chased by a giant dinosaur bird thing. It gets close to her and kicks the back of the bike. Buruma loses control because of this.

Buruma-"I'm really done for now."

She then sees a cliff with a cave

Buruma-"Lucky! If I can hide in that cave..Little more..I did it, I'm safe!"

But inside the cave is a huge tarranasaurus (sorry if that is spelled wrong) type monster. She turns to avoid hitting the monster and hits a rock instead causing her to fly off her bike and onto the back of the other one that was chasing her.

Buruma-"I'm still alive?"

She sees where she is and starts crying

Buruma-"You meany!"

She falls off the monster and the other monster looks up and opens its mouth to catch Buruma when she falls and eat her.

Buruma-"I'm really done for! This is it, farewell!"

Something then hits the monster and Buruma falls safely to the ground

Buruma-"What happened?"

Buruma sees a dark figure in front of her and it reaches for her. She throws dirt at him

Buruma-"Don't come near me!"

Gohan- "Buruma son!"

Buruma-"G..Gohan kun?"

You see Kuririn covered in dirt

Kuririn-"How could you do that Buruma son?"

Buruma-"What were you two doing! First you race in and take the dragonball and take off again with Vegita! What's going on anyway! How could you abandon a delicate lady in a place this dangerous."

Kuririn-"That's why we just saved you from that dinosaur."

Gohan-"Buruma son. Please give us the dragon radar. If all goes well, our wish may be granted."

Buruma-"What!? Haven't you made the wish yet? When I looked at the radar, it showed that all seven balls were together. I was convinced you had them all so I was on my way there. But what do you tell me! You were just messing around?"

Kuririn-"Messing..around..?"

Gohan reached into Buruma's pocket and takes the radar

Gohan-"Buruma son, if I could get that."

He activates the radar

Gohan-"Kuririn son, I've got it! It's in that direction!"

Kuririn-"Let's go!"

They both fly away

Buruma-"Tell me what's going on!"

Gohan-"We're in a hurry so we'll tell you later!"

Kuririn-"Buruma son, please wait for us on the island!"

Buruma-"You've got to be kidding! I'm supposed to walk back!? You're both meanies!"

Gohan-"I forgot! Dad's here!"

Buruma-"He is!? So is he stronger!?"

Kuririn-"Let's hurry Gohan!"

Gohan-"Yes!"

Buruma-"Son kun. (Little Son) I never imagined he'd grow up so handsome. All I did with my boyfriend Yamucha was fight."

She sees a cloud that looks like Goku's head as a kid. Then she sees Goku as an adult

Buruma-"Did I go for the wrong one?"

The scene goes to Ginyu and Goku. Ginyu's hand is glowing and he is powering up and laughing. Ginyu then punches into his own shoulder area, pretty deep also.

Goku-"What the hell!?"

Commander Ginyu-"You're not a Super Saiyajin, but I like this! Your strong body.."

Goku-"Like it?"

Ginyu starts to power up

Jees-"Commander Ginyu is going to do it!"

Goku-"Wow! He had that kind of power in him?"

Jees-"It's time.."

Commander Ginyu-"Ch..CHANGE!!"

Their bodies start glowing and a yellow light flies out of Ginyu's mouth and into Goku's. You see their spirit or aura (something) switching. The light disappears and Goku is laughing.

Goku/Ginyu-"Why am I over there..?"

Ginyu/Goku-"We've switched bodies. I have yours now."

Goku/Ginyu-"How..?"

Jees-"Commander Ginyu, your scouter."

Ginyu/Goku-"Alright, we're going back to the spaceship. Lord Freezer may return."

They are flying away

Ginyu/Goku-"This body is much faster!"

Goku/Ginyu-"This body won't move! Is that why he hurt himself? This is bad! Kuririn and the others will think he's me!"

He tries to move but falls a little but gets a little control and starts to slowly move

Goku/Ginyu-"Damn it! A body that I'm not used to and it hurts too! I can't fly! And even if I do make it back to Earth, Chichi will get mad at me again. Look at my face..what'll I do?"

Narrator-"Goku and Ginyu have exchanged bodies. And flying towards the spaceship for the dragonballs are Gohan, Kuririn, Vegita, and Ginyu. The battle for the dragonballs continues to intensify."