Dragonball GT Episode 1- The Mysterious Dragonballs, Gokuh Turns into A Kid

(Translated by E. Monsoon. Created by ssj4gokuh)

At Kami's Lookout

Pilaf's Robot- Enormous battle readings are coming from the planet we are approaching
Pilaf- I already know that! But whatever is happening down in the Afterworld, I am going to succeed with my plans!

Inside the Battle area, Gokuh and Ubuu are fighting, occasional grunting from them.

Mr. PoPo- Kame Sama!
Dende- This place was specially made for battling, but I don't think it can take anymore of this!

Outside of Lookout

Shou- Something is very wrong here.
Pilaf- I don't care what is wrong with this place, Do not give up until we get there! Were almost there!

Battle Area

Mr. PoPo- I said it was dangerous to remain in here
Dende- Well, where could we have gone?

Outside Lookout

Pilaf- This is it. Everyone follow me!
Myu and Shou- Yes, sir!

Explosion causes Pilaf and assistants to get thrown into a room

Myu- Lord Pilaf!
Shou- Are you alright?
Pilaf- I'm fine.....After all these years of research, effort, and obsession, with tears, sweat , and blood, and a little bit of luck I have found out that the ultimate Dragonballs are hidden somewhere on this Afterworld! Until I have those Dragonballs in my hand....I will not give up! I will not give up on this! The Dragonballs have to be in here!

Directly outside of door to battle area

Gokuh- Well done Dende
Dende- So, Ubuu's graduation exam has ended in success?
Gokuh- Graduation exam? No, it wasn't anything like that. I just wanted to have a serious match with Ubuu.
Mr. PoPo- Ubuu, was it good?
Ubuu- Yes...

Ubuu faints

Gokuh- Ubuu? Are you alright?

Gokuh Faints

Dende- PoPo, get a doctor for them, Hurry!
Mr. PoPo- Understood!

Pilaf has been blasted into the room with the DB's

Pilaf- I found them I finally found them!
Myu- So these are the Dragonballs...?
Pilaf- Yes...See?
Myu- Black stars on it...?
Shou- I thought the ones I saw before had red stars on them.
Pilaf- The difference is not just in the way they look. These are the ones that were created by the previos god before he separated from Piccolo. Well,...Isn't it great?
Myu and Shou- Huuuuu?
Pilaf- Isn't it great?!?!
Shou- Ahhh....what is so great?
Pilaf- What is so great....!? You Idiot!!

Pilaf falls down and DB lands on his head

Shou- Lord Pilaf!
Myu- Are you alright?
Pilaf- These Dragonballs were created by the previos god when he was still at full power, before his power was reduced by half because of the split with Piccolo

Myu takes DB from Pilaf

Myu- oooo, I see....So these Dragonball's have twice the power of the regular Dragonballs....?
Pilaf- Give it to me! You finally understand! Now gather all of them quickly!
Myu- Yes, Lord Pilaf!

Gokuh, Ubuu, PoPo, and Dende are outside of the battle area.

Gokuh- I see...you have to go now?
Ubuu- Yes, I'm concerned about my brother and sister. [Dende] I'm really sorry that I ruined the Shrine like this...
Dende- [Ubuu] Don't worry-- PoPo can fix it. And, it was better to have the match here. Besides....Earth couldn't have sustained you battle.
Ubuu- Gokuh- san, thank you so much for having a match with me for so long.
Gokuh- No need...I helped you to train yourself because I wanted to. It was nothing...
Ubuu- Right!
Gokuh- So take care.
Ubuu- You to, Gokuh-san. Thank you everyone.

Ubuu flies away. Pilaf has now gathered all the DB's and assembled thhem in the open.

Pilaf- All I need to do now is to summon the Shenron.
Shou- It took so many years...Now it's finally time to carry out our plan to take over the world!
Myu- But, Lord Pilaf...
Pilaf- Huuuum
Myu- It has always been out fate to have some obstacle prevent our goal at the very last moment...
Pilaf- Your right

Gokuh is with Dende and PoPo and has just finished eating.

Gokuh- I'm stuffed! It is time for me to go home, too.
Dende- Already?

Pilaf is about to summon Shenron

Pilaf- It's time...Emerge! Shenron!

Gokuh is leaving the room where he ate

Gokuh- I have not been home for so many years, ChiChi must be very angry at me by now.

Gokuh walks out of housing area. Gokuh sees the flash from the DB's. We now see Shenron emerging from the DB's. He emerges and then Gokuh enters not aware of Shenron being there.

Gokuh- What are you doing here?

Everyone turns to Gokuh.

Gokuh- Excuse me....!?
Shou- You!!
Gokuh- Are you....Pilaf? You are. It has been a long time!
Pilaf- Who the hell is he?
Shou- He is Son Gokuh, Lord Pilaf.
Pilaf- Son Gokuh!!! Are you that goddamned Gokuh who kept us from achieving our goal for all these years!?
Myu- Yes, that Son Gokuh! And he looks even stronget now that the last time we saw him...!
Gokuh- What are you guys doing here anyway....?
Pilaf- Well, Nothing really. [Pilaf attempts to whistle]
Gokuh- What do you mean nothing? I saw a strange light coming from here a minute ago.
Pilaf- Damn! Get him!

Myu and Shou fire rockets at Gokuh and Gokuh easily stops them.

Gokuh- You guys never change, do you?
Pilaf- Damnit....! Remember? I beat you once when you were this small.
Gokuh- So what are you guys plotting this time?
Pilaf- Shut up, you damned kid! I wish you were a kid again so that I can beat you up again and kick you ass...
Shenron- As you wish.
Pilaf- What?

Gokuh is being transformed into a little kid when Dende and PoPo run into the room.

PoPo- Gokuh?
Gokuh- What was that?
Dende- Go...Gokuh-san?
Shenron- Your wish has been fulfilled. Farewell....

Shenron leaves

Pilaf- [to self] My wish was....to take over the world....
Gokuh- [to Dende and PoPo] Hey, I've been shrunk....
PoPo and Dende- Ahhhh

Comercial Break

Kaio- What? The Dragonballs used where those?
Dende- Y....,yes! That is right!
Kaio- I had no idea those DB's where still there....
Dende- It appears that the previos god had kept them hidden deep inside the Shrine.
Kaio- What a mess...Listen, Gokuh! The only way to return your body back to normal is to collect the Black Star Dragonballs once again and summon the Shenron.
Gokuh- What is the problem then. That sounds easy enough. But, I do not have mind having this body at all.
PoPo- [to Gokuh] It's not that simple. Normal Dragonballs are scattered only within the planet where your wish came true. These Dragonballs however, scatter all over the universe. From one end to the other. It is almost unthinkable that you could find them all.
Kaio- PoPo is right.
Gokuh- I see. Well, I'm fine with that. I have to go home anyway.

Gokuh flies away

PoPo- He's Gone.
Kaio- [to self] He does not understand how serious this is...

We are now brought down to Earth and to the scene of a bank robbery.

Bank Robber 1- Back off! Back off!! I said back off! Or I will kill this guy!

Fires shot from the robbers hit a decoration hanging from the ceiling of where Gokuh is eating. The decoration hits Gokuh in the head.

Gokuh- Hey, Keep it down I'm eating over here.

Back to bank

Bank Robber 1- I want a car, an airplane, and a cup of noodles!

Two of the robbers fire at police

Police Chief- Okay! We except your demands! So stop shooting!

Police cars leave scene of crime to get demands. Kamesennin gets off of a bus.

Kamesennin- [to women walking down street] Would you like to have some coffee with me...?

Kamesenning gets hit over head. We are now brought to Pan and her date.

Pan's date- A date with Pan-chan--this is like a dream come true.
Pan- Same here, I'm so glad that you asked me out.
Pan's date- Pan-chan, you're so cute, and sweet, and nice....
Pan- You are flattering me.
Pan's date- But it is true! Hey? Amm, which movie do you want to see?
Pan- Hey! This is it! Let's see this one!

Back at the seen of the crime a women is delivering the soup to the robbers.

Police Chief- [to robbers] Here comes the cup of noodles you asked for! Don't you harm the officer!
Back Robber 1- [ to officer delivering noodles] Before we eat them, you try it first!
Noodle Deliver- Huh!!

Pan is talking to a cop outside of the movie theater and infront of the Bank.

Police officer- [to Pan]Movie theater? No way! The whole area is sealed. You have to leave! It is off limits!
Noodle deliverer- [heard in distance screaming]

Back to scene of crime. Bank Robber 1 is holding the noodle deliverer

Bank Robber 1- [to police chief] Just as I suspected! I am taking her as our hostage!
Bank Robber 2- [to self] Damn you! You put sleeping pills in it!
Police Chief- [to robbers] Okay! We'll do whatever you say! Just release the officer!

Kamesennin is standing off in the distance, but is still in view of the robbery. He does not know about it though.

Kamesennin- [implied to the women standing next to him] How gorgeous today's young ladies are...Just look at her....

Kamesennin is hit by older woman on his other side

Older woman- What are you doing! Everyone is worried about the hostages taken by the bank robbers! You moron!
Kamesennin- What? A bank robbery?

Back at the bank the Robbers are shooting at the crowd.

Pan- [to self] I have no choice.I had enough of this. I'm going to see that movie. [to date] You wait here, okay?

Pan jumps over all the police and lands on top of a car.

Pan- [to bank robbers] Hey, you bank robbers! I don't want you guys messing up my date!
Bank robber 1- [to Pan] Who the hell are you?
Pan- Why don't you let her go?

Pan knocks out Bank Robber 2

Bank Robber 3- [to Pan] Damn you!
Gokuh- [ to Bank robbers] You guys! Calm down. Taking hostages isn't nice!
Bank Robber 1- [to Gokuh] Kid, stop teasing your elders!
Bank Robber 3- [to Gokuh] Go back hime to your mom!
Gokuh- I was just about to go home to see my wife!
Bank Robber 3- Smart alec kid.

Gokuh and Robber 3 begin to fight, but Pan steps in and pulls Gokuh away from the fight.

Pan- [to Gokuh] What are you doing? You can't just fight them, you're just a little kid? You're going to get hurt!
Gokuh- But...
Pan- Listen. You let this grown-up girl handle this, okay? Do as they said and go back to your mom. Let's go now.

Pan knocks out Bank robber 4

Bank robber 1- F...f...f...fire!

Pan knocks out Bank robber 3 and as she does Gokuh attempts to jump it, but Pan throws him back to saftey

Pan- [to Gokuh] I said to stay back!

The noodle delivery officer bites Bank Robber 1's hand and then Pan knocks him out with a single punch.

Pan- [to date] I'm ready now. let's go see the movie.
Pan's date- Well....., amm....I just remembered I have something to take care of. See ya!

Pan's date runs away and she begins to cry.

Pan- [to self] No...I've been dumped again!
Gokuh- Uh...
Kamesennin- Hey, Pan-chan!
Gokuh- Pan?
Kamesennin- Over here! Over here, Pan-chan!
Pan and Gokuh- Kamesennin, Gramps!
Kamesennin- Excuse me young ladies!

Kamesennin is walking through a crowd of about 20 younger women and has to touch every single one of them. Pan is very embarresed, but Gokuh finds in humorus

Kamesennin- It is really nice to come downtown every once in a while. There are plenty of yound gals to please my eyes.
Pan- Grandpa! Please stop embarrassing me!
Kamesennin- It is just a little recreation for an elderly man.
Gokuh- [to Kamesennin] You never change, ol' man!
Kamesennin- You look familiar to me.
Gokuh- I'm Son Gokuh.

Kamesennin is to busy waiving at two girls to let what Gokuh has said sink it.

Kamesennin- What...? Son Gokuh? Oh, he does have Gokuh's energy all right...Gokuh...what!? You really are!? You're Gokuh! It is my Gokuh! My Gokuh is finally back!
Pan- [to self] No way....It can't be...There's no way that kid is my...
Kamesennin- But, Gokuh, haven't you gotten a bit smaller?
Gokuh- Pilaf used the Dragonballs to turn me smaller...
Kamesennin- Oh, no!!
Pan- [to self] No, no...This can't be true!
Gokuh- Anyway, is ChiChi doing alright?
Kamesennin- Well, ChiChi uh...

Pan jumps over to where Kamesennin and Gokuh are standing.

Pan- You can't be my Grandpa Gokuh!
Gokuh- Oh, then you're my grand daughter, Pan?
Kamesennin- What...you guys...!? You hadn't figured it out?
Gokuh- I see, you're Pan...No wonder you're so strong.

Back at Gokuh's House. Videl, Chi Chi, Gokuh, Gohan, and Pan are present

Chi Chi- [crying]
Gohan- You must have gone through a tough time dad?
Gokuh- Not really. Only everything looks so huge all of a sudden. It is kind of strange...
Pan- [to self] I am bigger thatn my grandfather. This can not be right.
Chi Chi- As a human, I already don't live al long as you [Gokuh] do in the first place! This must be a conspiracy of Gokuh's!
Gokuh- That's not true ChiChi.
Gohan- So dad, are you going to search for those Dragonballs?
Gokuh- Well, I don't know...
Gohan- But wishing upon the Black Star Dragonballs is the only way to return to normal, right?
ChiChi- If this is not a conspiracy then what else can that be?
Kaio- Gokuh!! Gokuh!!
Gokuh- Is that you, Kaio-sama?
Kaio- That's right. I checked up on the Black Star Dragonballs after yo left and found out about a very important secondary effect.
Gokuh- Secondary effect....?
Kaio- The Dragonballs must be reunited within one year from the day they are used, or the planet on which they were used witll be destroyed.
Gohan- It can't be! So unless we find all of these Dragonballs within the next year, the Earth will be...?
Kaio- Completely destroyed.
Anouncer- A new legend about Son Gokuh, which has never been told before, is about to begin.

Gokuh and Pan announce what will occur in the next episode. Scenes from the next episode are shown while they talk.

Gokuh- Hi. I'm Gokuh. Now it is time to reach out into the universe and go after the Dragonballs. Hey, Pan, you be a good girl while I'm gone, okay?
Pan- Damn! Everyone treats me like a little girl! I can't stand this anymore!
Gokuh- Next time on Dragonball GT "I'm the star" "Pan leaps into space". Hey Pan what are you doing here?

End of Episode One.